Classical Version
Instructions
kofta preparation:

    firstly, in a large mixing bowl take 3 potato and ¾ cup paneer.
    also add 1 chilli, 2 tbsp coriander, ¼ tsp cumin powder and ½ tsp salt.
    add 2 tbsp raisins and 2 tbsp cashew to have crunchy bite in kofta.
    mix well making sure all the spices are well combined
    now add 2 tbsp maida and mix well forming a soft dough. maida helps to absorb moisture and bind the mixture well.
    prepare a small ball sized kofta by greasing hand with oil.
    deep fry on medium hot oil.
    stir occasionally, making sure the koftas are cooked uniformly.
    fry until the kofta turn golden brown and crisp.
    drain off the koftas and keep aside.

curry preparation for malia kofta:

    firstly, in a pan heat 2 tbsp oil and saute 1 onion, 1 tsp ginger garlic paste.
    saute until onions changes colour slightly.
    further add 2 tomato and saute slightly.
    now add 2 tbsp cashew and continue to saute until tomatoes soften completely.
    wait for one minute
    cool completely and transfer to a blender.
    blend to smooth paste adding water if required.
    now filter the mixture to get rid of skin and seeds.
    filter until silky smooth onion-tomato puree is attained. keep aside.
    in a large kadai heat 1 tbsp butter and 2 tbsp oil.
    saute 1 tsp cumin, 2 pod cardamom, 1 bay leaf, 1 inch cinnamon, 2 clove until it turns aromatic.
    further keeping the flame on low, add 1 tsp chilli powder, ½ tsp turmeric, ¾ tsp coriander powder and ¼ tsp cumin powder.
    saute until the spices turn aromatic.
    further add in the prepared onion tomato puree, 1 tsp salt and mix well.
    cover and cook until the mixture starts to thicken and oil separates from sides.
    now add ¼ cup cream and mix on low flame until it's well combined.
    further, add ½ cup water and mix well adjusting consistency as required.
    get the curry to a boil, add 1 tsp kasuri methi and ¼ tsp garam masala. mix well.
    finally, pour the curry over kofta and malai kofta is ready to enjoy.
    eat!
